application: nrf_desktop: Align docs after upmerge + migration to sysbuild (#15998)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/description.rst

nRF Desktop build types
=======================

> The nRF Desktop application uses multiple files to configure the particular build type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF Desktop application uses multiple files to configure each specific build type.
```
